---
layout: page
title: Easily stick your menu or sidebar to the top of your page on scroll
---

All it takes to make an element stick is the following:

pre(mb-gamma). $('.sticky').stickToTop();

h2. Options:

The plugin makes a few options available:

pre. $('.sticky').stickToTop({ options });

table(mb-beta).
|_. Option							|_. Description |
|_. @scrollParent:@			|Element in which scrolling is monitored.<br><br>default: DOM window|
|_. @offset:@						|Scroll offset to apply fixed positioning (sticking).
	Basically the gap left at all times between the scrollParent and the target element.<br><br>default: @{top: 0, left: 0}@|
|_. @bottomBound:@			|Scroll value relative to the bottom which to stop the element from sticking (absolute positioning). <br>Useful if you have a large footer and dont want your sidebar	crashing into it. <br><br>default: @false@ (no bottom bound)</td>|
|_. @minParentHeight:@	|The minimum height of the parent/window in which stickToTop will be active. <br>If less than the minimum height stickToTop will have no effect but will become active as soon as the parent/window height is greater than minParentHeight. <br><br>default: @false@ (no min height)|
|_. @minParentWidth:@		|The minimum width of the parent/window in which stickToTop will be active.<br>
	If less than the minimum width stickToTop will have no effect but will become active as soon as the parent/window width is greater than minParentWidth. <br>Useful for disabling stickToTop for mobile and tablet viewports. <br><br>==**==Note: If using ems for your media queries, make sure to multiply the respective value by 16. <br>"Browsers calculate media-query widths from the base UA font size":http://filamentgroup.com/lab/how_we_learned_to_leave_body_font_size_alone/, *NOT* html / body base font size. <br><br>default: @false@ (no min width)|
|_. @preserveLayout:@		|Preserves layout of sticky elements by adding a div which
	occupies the original flow. <br><br>==**==Note: Floated elements do not occupy flow in the same manner as non-floated elements. <br> @preserveLayout@ should be set to false when stickToTop is applied to floated elements. <br><br>default: @true@|
|_. @onStick:@					|Callback for when the element becomes sticky. <br><br>default: @null@|
|_. @onDetach:@					|Callback for when the element becomes detached. <br>Also fires when the bottomBound is reached. <br><br>default: @null@|

h2. Dependencies:

stickToTop requires jQuery.